README.md, before:

# ksp README

Native Instruments Kontakt Script Processor (KSP) syntax for Visual Studio Code.  
  
Feel free to use this tool I designed to code inouï samples virtual instruments.  
I used to script for Kontakt but I am a beginner in other languages, so advices and suggestions are welcome :)  
  
https://www.inouisamples.com/

## Installation

You can install it automatically from VS Code or by following this link:  
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nmalleus-inouisamples.kspsyntax  
  
If you want to use the inouï samples colors theme, then download this folder:
* https://github.com/nmalleus/inoui_samples_colors  

And copy it to:  
__Win__: `C:\Users\username\.vscode\extensions`  
__Mac__: `/Users/username/.vscode/extensions`  

## Features

* Kontakt Script Processor (KSP) syntax for Visual Studio Code
  
![Image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nmalleus/ksp/master/resources/inoui%20KSP%20example.png)

## Known Issues

## Release Notes

## [1.0.0] - 2021-12-10
- Initial release
## [1.0.1] - 2021-12-17
- Resources optimization
- Installation instructions
## [1.0.2] - 2021-12-21
- Compatibility with inouï samples colors theme
- https://github.com/nmalleus/inoui_samples_colors
## [1.0.3] - 2022-05-05
- Adding missing callback

Commit message:

keywords in function name issue

README.md, after:

# ksp README

Native Instruments Kontakt Script Processor (KSP) syntax for Visual Studio Code.  
  
Feel free to use this tool I designed to code inouï samples virtual instruments.  
I used to script for Kontakt but I am a beginner in other languages, so advices and suggestions are welcome :)  
  
https://www.inouisamples.com/

## Installation

You can install it automatically from VS Code or by following this link:  
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nmalleus-inouisamples.kspsyntax  
  
If you want to use the inouï samples colors theme, then download this folder:
* https://github.com/nmalleus/inoui_samples_colors  

And copy it to:  
__Win__: `C:\Users\username\.vscode\extensions`  
__Mac__: `/Users/username/.vscode/extensions`  

## Features

* Kontakt Script Processor (KSP) syntax for Visual Studio Code
  
![Image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nmalleus/ksp/master/resources/inoui%20KSP%20example.png)

## Known Issues
 - Keywords can be highlighted in the middle of free vocabulary like function names.

## Release Notes

## [1.0.0] - 2021-12-10
- Initial release
## [1.0.1] - 2021-12-17
- Resources optimization
- Installation instructions
## [1.0.2] - 2021-12-21
- Compatibility with inouï samples colors theme
- https://github.com/nmalleus/inoui_samples_colors
## [1.0.3] - 2022-05-05
- Adding missing callback
